support configuring default api headers (#18)
daohoangson/js-tinhte-api: README.md

   - `debug` default=`false`
   - `ott` default=`''`
   - `scope` default=`'read'`

>    - `headers` default=`{}`: the default headers to be used in all API calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `headers` default=`{}`: the headers to be sent with all requests. To delete some default header for a specific request, set it to `undefined`.
```
